['Good  i phone mobile oparating essy , inter net fast working', 'Superb model , snapdeal delivered as promised time', 'I bought iPhone 5C with best deal ever.  Product is quite good and I also updated it to latest iOS version.\nVery happy with the deal..', 'Satisfied and will buy more products from Snapdeal', 'good as like iphone,  apple , and snapdeal service was good', 'it is simple \nall the thing that u need it having it \nI have buy it 2 year before from snapdeal and still it is in perfect condition.\nno lagging till today\nsuitable for your business need.', 'Good Price. Great Seller. Genuine Product. Fast Shipping. Recommended*****', 'Good Mobile but its memory will be filled faster its just 8GB limit', 'Awesome iphone in this price range.\ni would recommend this phone', 'Features are good....but the phone gets heated after some time', 'Good , product is satisfied which I got from Snapdeal', 'dream come true', 'offer product is available, customer care also good', "It's been close to 5 months since I bought this product and till now, I am happy with how the product has performed.", 'Bought this for my dear wife as a surprise. Got delivered on time!', 'Good Product, Do not hang. Samsung products are pathetic. Used Grand Qauttro which use to take 20-30 seconds to open even contact list.\n\nApple is quality product. Only problem is you need to pay for everything.', 'This a great experience to have a iphone, Snapdeal delivery was above expectation !!', 'Awsme delivry on time and product recievd in good condition and i think its a awsme site for shoping', 'I got my iPhone 5c white colour in good condition and best rate \nsnapdeal rate is always lowest then other sites and store also', 'IPhone 5c good product on good price. Within one day I got the product though in site specied 3 working days.', 'Very good one perfectly the original one with all original accessories', 'goood.. fast shipping', "D phone is good. IOS is d best OS.... Safe also. D phone looks great though it consists plastic body. Metal body looks good bt dt nt means plastic body looks cheap plastic may also b nice in looks. Its camera is superb. Battery also. Dere is only one problem nd dat is space... Bt I can't say dis is d phone's problem at all. I hv chosen d 8gb phone so it's my flaw. But in 1 word i just can say it is d best phone in dis price. Thumbs up APPLE", 'Lacks the feel.', 'Excellent Product & Good Service by Snap Deal.', 'Its an awesome phone', 'Good product. Worth buying. Nice phone. Timely delivery by snap deal', 'Really happy with the product and service..always the best..:)', 'I am happy with my new Iphone. Thanks you for providing me with the product of my choice with the best deal.', "It's cool phone, good processing with latest iOS. The cons are: Low memory space. There is total 8 gb space, and almost 6 gb are already filled up by  \xa0read more  ", "It's really 100% worth to buy this product. I am fully satisfied with this product.", 'Good buy at an affordable price during the sale.', "I'm also happy with Snapdeal service", 'Genuine product quality great.. Overall perfect', 'I am very much happy with my product thanks to SNEPDEAL.', 'Good budgeted iphone. Should only go for it if want to have an iphone experience but within your budget.', 'Mobile was got no hang smooth  touch  performing well', "It's  good Value for the money paid . The  Item was well packed and delivered  on time .", "The OS will take around 5GB, leaving only 3 GB for your files. Unless you're not a heavy files user.", 'Very good product and delivered in time  as committed; true value for money', "Ordered for my sister's rakhi gift 1 week prior . however it came faster than that..\nand thanks for getting offer from recharge site.\n\ngreat job team.", 'very good product...thanks to snapdeal and sellers to delivered the original phone :0)', 'Great product at such amazing price. Delivery was fast. N iPhone is amazing.', 'I am really happy with product', 'Quality product from snapdeal. Delivery was on time.', 'Recently purchase the phone and was a bit doubtfull while purchasing, but i must tell you this is the most best iphone you can get at this price. It was packed beatifully by the seller and same day dispatch.\nPros\n1. Very Cheap prize\n2. IOS 9 upgrade.\n3. Very smooth\n4. Good build quality\n\nCons\n1.Plastic body\n2. 8GB memory\n\nBut even plastic body looks attractive with premium and good plastuc used. Everyone should go with this phone if you have a budget of 20K', 'This product is awwsum in use... As by looks also.. I would defination prefer this nxt time also', "Totaly satisfy with the product... It is a brand new 100% genuine iphone. And got it within 24 hours of ordering.... Packing was superb with 'PRIORITY' mark on the box.... Thanx to snapdeal !", 'The product supplied by Snapdeal is very good at best price. It is as shown', 'Good phone', 'Have switched from android to apple and i am pretty satisfied with iPhone 5c . Excellent camera , crisp display . The battery  issue has been solved with the latest ios9 update .', 'The product quality is good but the only thing is memory capacity is not sufficient for storing the data', 'got this at a great discount, the phone is worth it. my wife wanted to try an iphone and she is loving it now', 'Worth in this price. Excellent features. Overall performance is Good', 'Best phone my iPhone', 'Beautiful Product. Original Apple Product and delivery in 2nd day.\nAnd iPhone is iPhone ;-)', 'The piece delivered in good conditions... Received a discount of 1000rs on free charge coupon. Delivered within 2 days before committed delivery.', 'Worth buying from snap deal due to its competitive price and good service\nThanks sd for the phone at this price', 'iphone really nice cell', 'The 5C was delivered in a sealed box - crisp and brand new !  super deal.', 'lovely  fastest super', 'Awesome mobile working smooth just like an apple iPhone hahahaha its cool', 'THE PROMPTNESS IN DELIVERY AND THE PRODUCT RECEIVED IS \n\nGOOD AND I AM SATISFIED', 'Excellent product. Can be recommended to my friends and family members.', 'Good product and packing was also good only issue with courier service..they took more then 10 days to deliver .', 'Good price, Great phone, very happy to own one. Recommending to everyone', 'genuine product delivered within scheduled timframe. Thanks snapdeal !', 'got delivered on time and satisfactory product as always', 'It is a nice phone by Apple. Camera is good and phone works perfectly. It is worth a Shot', 'They have sold this Iphone on interest free emi scheme. Even though the phone was available from other sellers at a cheaper price. But no interest part has been credited to my account till now. Snapdeal hasnt taken any action on this issue. Dont buy on fraudulent schemes.', 'I have got ths phone in perfect condition and thank you snapdeal for perfect elivery.i guess ur are earning the trust back', 'awesum phone.good price good product.iphone is the best', "Honestly speaking initially I was hesitated because of previous reviews about snapdeal. But those all reviews are fake and just to damage the reputation of snapdeal. I am truely satisfied by snapdeal's service. 100% satisfactory. Genuine product with honest service. So don't believe on rumours. I am going with five stars. Thanks snapdeal for wonderful shopping experience.", 'Amazing product at this price....At first I was reluctant to buy an apple product from snapdeal but the deal made me crazy n I ordered with fingers cr \xa0read more ', 'A mush have deal', 'This is the first iPhone that I bought. After using android for 3 years, I was not satisfied with the performance. So, thought of going for iPhone. Though, I didnt want to go for iPhone 6S as it was very costly for me. So, decided that I will buy iPhone 5C.\n\nSnapdeal has provided me a very great deal as compared to other sites. Also, the delivery was very prompt as well.\n\nPros: Sleek phone, looks sexy, no lags, really great headphone, got upgrade to iOS 9\n\nCons: Plastic body', 'i bought iphone 5c from snapdeal and the product is absolutly real and it wors properly .. price is also very low then the other online shoping sides ... so thnxx to snapdeal adorable phone and top class service 😘', 'Very good service by seller. Faster delivery and proper packing.', 'I am very very happy with this iPhone .when I was ordering this phone I had little doubt about that. But after receiving this phone I am really very happy.also found original I iPhone.earlier I had doubted', 'Price and delivery service are good I received my order on time', 'its nice to deal with Snapdeal. good shipping service at all...', 'I M Happy With iphone5c and snapdeal services. i would recommended Snapdeal service my near & dear', 'Pros : Picture quality is awesome, sound with hearing ad is good, look and feel is good \n \ncons: You cannot transfer files using bluetooth from andriod/blackberry/windows to iphone, You have to use some file transfer app like shareit.\n\nOther is good. I am new to iphone so till now this is it.\n\niPhone 5c + Snapdeal before time delivery = 4 stars', 'Easy and quick returns...\nOriginal products...\n\nGood job snapdeal...keep it up!!!', 'Service quality is very good and level of interactions have been good.', 'Marvallous Phone...Ever used....You must buy', 'Very good phone in this price category with manufacturers warranty']